### vzp.api
The SDK is designed to manage a single user identity. There is no explicit support
  for managing multiple identities. If your application supports multiple identities
  you must take great care to avoid using the wrong key material.
___
<br/>

#### create-sign-key-pairs

**Why?**
  Configure the key pairs used by the SDK. High stake and low stake key pairs will be
  generated internally for usage by the SDK. By default, the high stake key pair will
  be placed in StrongBox (Android) or the Secure Enclave (iOS). High stake SDK operations will
  need to use platform specific biometrics to gain permission to use the high stake private
  key for signing.

  **What?**
  Configure the SDK high and low stake key pairs. iOS and Android have flags for
  configuring both the high and low stake key. Key pairs can be configured to
  require user presence, require device unlock, and invalidation if biometric
  enrollment changes. See platform specific SDK documentation below.

  **When?**
  This is the first step do before attempting to use the SDK.
___
<br/>

#### complete-task

High stake operation.

  **Why?**
  The `endorseByPhoneNr` function starts micro-workflow during which user that is
  being endorsed may accept or reject the key, once the key is accepted, the
  current owner has to confirm that action. Only after the owner completes the
  "confirm" task, the target user receives the key.

  **What?**
  Call the `completeTask` with task id and boolean (true for accepting; false for rejecting the key).

  **When?**
  You can receive `PersonaTask` by subscribing to events or by calling `getPersonaTasks`.

  See the page [Exception Reference]() for exceptions related to this operations.
___
<br/>

#### endorse-by-phone-nr

Endorse another user via phone number. For key share, it must be `friend`.
  Returns the persona.
___
<br/>

#### enroll-with-jwt

**Why?**
  The enrollment provides the Digital Key platform with the user ID and
  cryptographic data. The platform will use this data to verify signed requests
  coming from this combination of user ID and device.

  **What?**
  Enroll a user and their device on to the Digital Key platform:
  - user data comes from the claims presented in the JWT
  - device data is the public key of a cryptographic key pair that is generated by
  the SDK for this specific device

  **Note:** As part of the integration with OpenAM we expect certain claims inside
  of the user token, specifically:
  - phone_number
  - phone_number_verified

  When the user already exists, the new public key for this specific device will
  be enrolled for that user.

  **When?**
  This is the first step for users in the activation or acquisition of a Digital Key.
___
<br/>

#### get-access-data

**Why?**
  This function allows you to see which assets you have access to.
___
<br/>

#### emit-events

SYNC2 subscribe helper
___
<br/>

#### <subscribe2

SYNC2 subscribe. Analogous to <init2 - only difference is that we don't flush
  to disk until after unsubscribe. We invoke the event handler directly w/o any
  complex processing of events.
